he might have gone for a big walk that
looks like both le and massa
so we're gonna be playing this hand six
handed remember you don't have to play
when you're playing cash game and the
tournament these players would be
getting dealt in and blinded out
Patrick Antonia suited ten nine and he's
gonna raise it to twenty five hundred
one of the few hands so far where
someone hasn't straddled Tony G got a
call this after Phil Ivey folded Chris
Ferguson folds so does Hansen pretty
strong drawing hand so far so jawanda
will call three players to the flop and
here is the flop ace Queen ten of
diamonds Wow I've I've only had two
royal flushes in my career Barry this is
a very rare hand obviously Tony G with
the nuts and no possible way of losing
this hand unless he should somehow miss
read his hand and fall and it's been
checked around to Patrick
and he checks his bottom pair a check
and so does Tony well of course he's
gonna give us his opponents a chance
that maybe catch up a little and he
catches a nine of diamonds here
well patrick has two pair now if it
comes a nine or ten on the river he
could get in trouble with a full house
Towanda still with a pair in a straight
draw and Tony G is gonna continue slow
playing queen of clubs
don't you wanna made trips but of course
he loses to any diamond needless to say
Tony G has better than that six thousand
event from Tony G jawanda gets away from
his hand and of course Patrick can't
possibly call well it's thinking about
it maybe
any faults pretty sick one mastic I
gotta share that what are they asking
five done i have treats sick
it's not often even for parole flush so
tony GFLOPS the rarest and